c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\WcfServiceApplication_Movies.dll.config
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\WcfServiceApplication_Movies.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\WcfServiceApplication_Movies.pdb
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\obj\Debug\WcfServiceApplication_Movies.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\obj\Debug\WcfServiceApplication_Movies.dll
c:\users\phong_learning\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\WcfServiceApplication_Movies\obj\Debug\WcfServiceApplication_Movies.pdb
